Use scaladoc and javadoc directives in stash.md (#22904) (#30609)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/typed/stash.md

  #stashing
}

One important thing to be aware of is that the @apidoc[StashBuffer] is a buffer and stashed messages will be
kept in memory until they are unstashed (or the actor is stopped and garbage collected). It's recommended

> to avoid stashing too many messages to avoid too much memory usage and even risking @scala[`OutOfMemoryError`]@java[@javadoc[OutOfMemoryError](java.lang.OutOfMemoryError)]

Reviewer: I think we could link to the javadoc for both scala and java here

if many actors are stashing many messages. Therefore the @apidoc[StashBuffer] is bounded and the `capacity`
of how many messages it can hold must be specified when it's created.

> If you try to stash more messages than the `capacity` a @scala[@scaladoc[StashOverflowException](akka.actor.typed.scaladsl.StashOverflowException)]@java[@javadoc[StashOverflowException](akka.actor.typed.javadsl.StashOverflowException)] will be thrown.

Reviewer: Ah, here you could use a wildcard:
```suggestion
If you try to stash more messages than the `capacity` a @apidoc[StashOverflowException](typed.*.StashOverflowException) will be thrown.
```

> You can use @scala[@scaladoc[StashBuffer.isFull](akka.actor.typed.scaladsl.StashBuffer#isFull:Boolean)]@java[@javadoc[StashBuffer.isFull](akka.actor.typed.javadsl.StashBuffer#isFull())] before stashing a message to avoid that and take other actions, such as

Reviewer: you can use `@apidoc` for those as well, see the docs at https://github.com/lightbend/sbt-paradox-apidoc:
```suggestion
You can use @apidoc[StashBuffer.isFull](StashBuffer) { scala="#isFull:Boolean" java="#isFull()" } before stashing a message to avoid that and take other actions, such as
```

dropping the message.

When unstashing the buffered messages by calling @apidoc[unstashAll](StashBuffer) {scala="#unstashAll(behavior:akka.actor.typed.Behavior[T]):akka.actor.typed.Behavior[T]" java="#unstashAll(akka.actor.typed.Behavior)"} the messages will be processed sequentially
in the order they were added and all are processed unless an exception is thrown. The actor is unresponsive
to other new messages until @apidoc[unstashAll](StashBuffer) {scala="#unstashAll(behavior:akka.actor.typed.Behavior[T]):akka.actor.typed.Behavior[T]" java="#unstashAll(akka.actor.typed.Behavior)"} is completed. That is another reason for keeping the number of
stashed messages low. Actors that hog the message processing thread for too long can result in starvation
of other actors.

> That can be mitigated by using the @apidoc[StashBuffer.unstash](StashBuffer) {scala="#unstash(behavior:akka.actor.typed.Behavior[T],numberOfMessages:Int,wrap:T=%3ET):akka.actor.typed.Behavior[T]" java="#unstash(akka.actor.typed.Behavior,int,java.util.function.Function)"} with `numberOfMessages` parameter and then send a

Author: use "=%3E" like in https://github.com/lightbend/sbt-paradox-apidoc
